# Meeting Minutes
___
**Date:** 08/03/2024 <br>
**Time:** 12:00 - 14:00 <br>
**Location:** Room N101 CSIT Building <br>
**Attendance (Team):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Nuoxi Qin (Spokesperson), Mitchell Barker (Spokesperson), <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Linxi Li, Bohong Sun, Songxuan Li, Andy Chih <br>
**Attendance (Stakeholder):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Elena Williams (Tutor / Zoom) <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Team Enhanced Representatives (Shadow Team) <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Liang Zheng (Examiner) <br>
**Chairperson:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; N/A (audit) <br>
**Author:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Mitchell Barker <br>

### Agenda
___

1. Audit 1 presentation
2. Stakeholder Q&A (Feedback)
3. Shadow team audit 1 presentation
4. Shadow team Q&A (Participation)

### Synopsis
___

- N/A (See Feedback section for Q&A details)

### Feedback
___

- Liang wants us to give a better understanding of our design problem and solution as well as some of the surronding details of the project.
- Elena didn't have access our landing page and GitHub (links likely expired), and found it difficult to navigate our landing page and materials
- Elena also expressed concerns about over some of our artifacts not being distinct from previous semesters work (naming our tutorial and group meeting minutes, as well as our user story map)

### Decisions
___

- The team need to improve on answering questions about the project outputs and the design problem of deliverable 2/B (National Microcredentials Compliance Framework)
- The team need to add more git issues to provide evidence of proper planning and project management
- The landing page as it is now is difficult to navigate and needs more attention

### Action Items
___

| <div style="width:300px">Action Item</div> | Responsible Party | Due Date | 
| :----------------------------------------- | :---------------: | :------: |
| Tag report | All Members | 08/03/2024 |
| Update documentation | All Members | 15/03/2024 |
| ask client for new GitHub Project | Spokespersons | 13/03/2024 | 
| Vote on new file management platform | All Members | 13/03/2024 |
| Ask client for clarification on deliverables and project output details | All Members | 13/03/2024 |
| request client for a new GitHub Project for tracking issues | Spokespersons | 13/03/2024 |
| ask client about navigation issues with sharepoint and possibly request to move our documentation to another platform | Spokespersons | 13/03/2024 |

### General Notes
___

- N/A



