# Meeting Minutes
___
**Date:** 22/03/2024 <br>
**Time:** 12:00 - 14:00 <br>
**Location:** Online (Zoom) <br>
**Attendance (Team):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Nuoxi Qin (Spokesperson), Mitchell Barker (Spokesperson), <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Bohong Sun, Songxuan Li <br>
**Attendance (Stakeholder):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Elena Williams (Tutor / Zoom) <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Team Enhanced Representatives (Shadow Team) <br>
**Chairperson:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Mitchell Barker <br>
**Author:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Mitchell Barker <br>

### Agenda
___

1. Progress update
2. Review landing page changes
3. Review project management tools
4. Review audit 2 slides / topics
5. Further general inquiries regarding audit 2
6. Stakeholder engagement

### Synopsis
___

- Ensuring Elena has access to all of our recourses, new landing page links, git issues
- Elena would prefer we continue contacting and engaging in discussion with her over email.
- More GitHub issues need to be added to further breakdown what tasks need to be done. A single frontend and backend mega issue is not sufficent.

### Feedback
___

- Extended elevator pitch should mention the software stack being used, and the compliance checks that the platform follows.
- Some issues where added from last week, but Elena wants to see more GitHub issues, with tasks further broken down. Issue spam is better than large tasks with broad scope.
- Our tutor also recommended that each commit (going forward) should mention the issue which the commit is working on.
- Elena recommended that we merge our decision log into our team, client, and tutorial meeting minutes.

### Decisions
___

- Audit 2 presentation should briefly mention evidence of decision-making (i.e. show meeting minutes and GitHub issues)
   - Mitchell will work on and present these slides
   - This section should be no longer than 1 â€“ 1.5 minutes
- The GitHub repository should include far more issues which further break down the major tasks of our first deliverables.
  - Project leads should add issues
  - Advise team members to communicate through those issues and regularly review issues page
- TODO, in a group meeting, discuss whether our meeting minutes should be merged / consolidated into our meeting minutes

### Action Items
___

| <div style="width:300px">Action Item</div> | Responsible Party | Due Date | 
| :----------------------------------------- | :---------------: | :------: |
| Add more issues to GitHub Repo, breakdown tasks further | Spokespersons | 26/03/2024 |
| Pending team vote for merging decision log into meeting minutes | All Members | 22/03/2024 |
| Complete Audit 2 slides | All Members | 26/03/2024 | 

### General Notes
___

- N/A



