# Meeting Minutes
___
**Date:** 26/03/2024 <br>
**Time:** 12:00 - 14:00 <br>
**Location:** HIVE, CSIT Building <br>
**Attendance (Team):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Nuoxi Qin (Spokesperson), Mitchell Barker (Spokesperson), <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Linxi Li, Bohong Sun, Songxuan Li, Andy Chih <br>
**Attendance (Stakeholder):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Elena Williams (Tutor / Zoom) <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Team Enhanced Representatives (Shadow Team) <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Liang Zheng (Examiner) <br>
**Chairperson:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; N/A (audit) <br>
**Author:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Mitchell Barker <br>

### Agenda
___

1. Audit 2 presentation
2. Stakeholder Q&A (Feedback)
3. Shadow team audit 2 presentation
4. Shadow team Q&A (Participation)

### Synopsis
___

- N/A (See Feedback section for Q&A details)

### Feedback
___

- Elena needs proof of our work, there a few git commits to the repo (team members are not committing there work to repo regularly / or collaborating informally without meeting minutes to substantiate they worked together).
- Landing page and resources are still difficult to navigate, there is need to migrate to another platform for managing team resources.
- Commits messages are not correctly referencing the issues the work is addressing.
- There is a good understanding of the design problems of deliverable 2 (National Microcrendtials Framework Compliance) and 3 (Application process uplift). However, the team needs to decide with the client on how we intend on solving the problem (design solution).
- Liang is more concerned with project outputs, and less concerned with administrative tasks.

### Decisions
___

- We need a team Git commit policy that should be regularly enforced to ensure team members a committing code regularly.
- We all as a team need to sit down in-person and go over the process of working on issues and committing. Ensure that everyone in the team understands how to reference Issues in commits, and when to commit code.
- We should visit the Techlauncher clinic to work on our use of version control (issues above), as well as work-load distribution and roles (re-negotiating the responsibilities of leadership roles). This would involve changing the team charter

### Action Items
___

| <div style="width:300px">Action Item</div> | Responsible Party | Due Date | 
| :----------------------------------------- | :---------------: | :------: |
| Tag report | All Members | 29/03/2024 |
| Visit Techlauncher clinic over teaching break or week 7 | All Members | 12/04/2024 |
| Commit all current code to code-base, evaluate what modules of code for deliverable 2 is due | All Members | 03/04/2024 | 
| Schedule Team meeting to teach Git commit policies | All Members | 03/04/2024 |

### General Notes
___

- N/A



