# Meeting Minutes
___
**Date:** 19/04/2024 <br>
**Time:** 12:00 - 14:00 <br>
**Location:** Online, Zoom <br>
**Attendance (Team):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Nuoxi Qin (Spokesperson), Mitchell Barker (Spokesperson), <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Bohong Sun, Andy Chih <br>
**Attendance (Stakeholder):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Elena Williams (Tutor / Zoom) <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Team Enhanced Representatives (Shadow Team) <br>
**Chairperson:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; N/A (audit) <br>
**Author:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Mitchell Barker <br>

### Agenda
___

1. Major Progress update for work delivered over the midsemester break (for WP1, WP2, and documentation changes)
    - Backend Team - Nuoxi, Songxuan, Andy
    - Frontend Team - Bohong and Linxi
    - Documentation Overhaul - Mitchell
2. Verbal (informal) update of new landing page to shadow team in the GitHub repo - Mitchell
3. High level status update on where the team is at with WP2 (application process uplift) and our working deadline - Nuoxi
4. Update on WP3 start date / working on WP3 and WP2 in parallel - Mitchell
5. Questions regarding the video and poster submission tasks - Mitchell
    - Can we send drafts to you for review? if so do you have a deadline for drafts?
    - Questions regarding the marking criteria of the video submission
6. Final thoughts and questions â€“ All Members

### Synopsis
___

- There will be no tutorial next week (week 8), so week 9 is the last tutorial before audit 3 (week 10)
- Video is due in week 9, tutor is happy to review our video, can submit a draft or organize a meeting
- 

### Feedback
___

- 

### Decisions
___

- Elena gave us the option of meeting this time next week to review video or progress, Mitchell opted not to meet seeing as we already have the option to submit work to our tutor via email for review

### Action Items
___

| <div style="width:300px">Action Item</div> | Responsible Party | Due Date | 
| :----------------------------------------- | :---------------: | :------: |
| Send new land page link to Tech launcher convener | Mitchell | 19/04/2024 | 
| Send revised elevator pitch to Elena | Mitchell | 26/04/2024 | 
| Submit WPP draft for Elena to review | All Members | 26/04/2024 |
| Send Elena video draft before week 9 submission | Mitchell | 01/05/2024 |
| Tell Quin to give Elena, Liang, and Shadow team access to our GitHub Project | Mitchell | 19/04/2024 |

### General Notes
___

- Elena says that every meeting with any group of people, so long as its public, should be documented
- When the examiner is marking the video, they will go through each of [these](https://comp.anu.edu.au/TechLauncher/current_students/evaluation/project_video/) points and mark on whether the video is conveying those points
- make sure spreadsheet for landing page is updated, managed by convener, that is what they must open during audit week to mark
- If we intend on working over the winter break (after a semester 1), we can use our work in audit 1, unless we are employed by the client company for money. should be discussed with the convener, elena can vouch for us as well
- in the elevator pitch, should ask an individual question to capture someone's interest, so they listen to our elevator pitch
- Must rewrite your selection criteria from scratch, turn-it in will detect it, CV can be referenced, 
- Elena says we should reference our mistakes, challenges, and things that have gone wrong in our selection criteria. These can describe how we tackle problems and how we corrected it which can be more informative to an employer. give a story rather than a qualification
- Put updates on peoples work in their git issues, such as show to client, LGTM (Looks good to me) comments in issues.



