# Meeting Minutes
___
**Date:** 03/05/2024 <br>
**Time:** 12:00 - 14:00 <br>
**Location:** Online, Zoom <br>
**Attendance (Team):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Nuoxi Qin (Spokesperson), Mitchell Barker (Spokesperson), <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Songxuan Li <br>
**Attendance (Stakeholder):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Elena Williams (Tutor / Zoom) <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Team Enhanced Representatives (Shadow Team) <br>
**Chairperson:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; N/A (audit) <br>
**Author:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Mitchell Barker <br>

### Agenda
___

1. Checking GitHub repository and GitHub project access for stakeholders - Mitchell
2. Weekly status update – Nuoxi
3. Revising user story map for burndown chart – Mitchell
   - Question: can / should we revise our user story map this late into the semester to calculate our burndown chart?
4. Reviewing proposed sections of audit 3 for feedback – Mitchell
   - Reviewing audit scaffold sections, any additional slides we should consider adding to the presentation
   - Question: Should audit slides be accessible to examiners during audit week / are they assessed as an artifact?
5. Poster and video submission - Mitchell and Andy
   - Question: Does the poster need to be submitted separately?
6. Deadline for artifacts to be assessed – Mitchell
   - Question: will updates to artifacts be assessed if done after the 6th of May
7. Final thoughts – Anyone

### Synopsis
___

- 

### Feedback
___

- Video feedback:
   - in terms of rubric the video is good
   - general issues with production quality (AI voice)
   - remove features that do not relate to this semesters work (remove qualification icons section, replace with something else)  
   - Need to fix video:
      - spelling mistakes: "theft" not "thief"
      - fix grammar / re-word: "invision all of your achievements and qualifications"
      - use of "consequently" is a bit awkward, consider changing / re-wording
- Without sizing against tickets or user stories, it's difficult to create a burndown chart, we should only make one if it's easy to do. 
- Burndown chart during audit 3 probably is not worth doing (it's a projection)
- Don't worry about revising this user story, maybe work on next semesters' user story map
- **Export audit 3 presentation to PDF and include in documentation folder in GitHub** (to this before friday)
- Need to clearly discuss our GitHub branching during audit 3 (how we use branches)

### Decisions
___

- 

### Action Items
___

| <div style="width:300px">Action Item</div> | Responsible Party | Due Date | 
| :----------------------------------------- | :---------------: | :------: |
| Email Elena the job role that you want to pick for WPP | All Members | 06/05/2024 | 
| Need to publish video video to Youtube, setup youtube account | Nouxi | 03/05/2024 |
| Fix video issues (see reflection) | Andy, Nouxi | 03/05/2024 |
| Export audit 3 presentation to PDF and include in documentation folder in GitHub | Mitchell | 09/05/2024
| Complete artifacts before audit week opens | Mitchell | 06/05/2024 |

### General Notes
___

- WPP notes:
   - Shouldn't pick graduate programs, difficult to create selection criteria
   - Should start working on the WPP package soon, due week 12
   - Supplementary material should only be this we have done this semester
   - Should talk about things that have gone wrong
- Ticket size is not time (different time for different experience)
- Can send audit presentation to Elena prior to audit 3 for feedback, 
- Submit poster to wattle, poster should link to video, that is how we submit video
- The work that is at our landing page is assessable starting at the 6th of May, but technically different stakeholders will be reviewing artifacts at different times
   - Elena often looks at it later in the week (Wednesday)
   - Liang often reviews early in the week (assume Monday)
   - Stakeholders will likely look artifacts after audit 3 (Friday)
