# Meeting Minutes
___
**Date:** 10/05/2024 <br>
**Time:** 12:00 - 14:00 <br>
**Location:** Room N101 CSIT Building <br>
**Attendance (Team):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Nuoxi Qin (Spokesperson), Mitchell Barker (Spokesperson), <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Linxi Li, Bohong Sun, Songxuan Li, Andy Chih <br>
**Attendance (Stakeholder):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Elena Williams (Tutor / Zoom) <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Team Enhanced Representatives (Shadow Team) <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Liang Zheng (Examiner) <br>
**Chairperson:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; N/A (audit) <br>
**Author:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Mitchell Barker <br>

### Agenda
___

1. Audit 3 presentation
2. Stakeholder Q&A (Feedback)
3. Shadow team audit 3 presentation
4. Shadow team Q&A (Participation)

### Synopsis
___

- Feedback regarding the teams work is good
- All questions from stakeholders were addressed (See Feedback)

### Feedback
___

- Feedback from Liang was good, he felt that the team had greatly improved from audit 1 and 2
- Elena asked about our project output, and how our current status reflects what was planned in our statement of work
- There were no questions from team Enhanced

### Decisions
___

- N/A

### Action Items
___

| <div style="width:300px">Action Item</div> | Responsible Party | Due Date | 
| :----------------------------------------- | :---------------: | :------: |
| N/A

### General Notes
___

- Q&A for Team Enhanced
    - Has the team investigated what is required for an end-user agreements for the project relating to intellectual property?
    - What sort of branching structure have you used (feature branches, frontend / backend, individual branches), and has the team found it effective and useful?
    - How do you intend on implementing testing strategies / what testing strategies will you be using (i.e. unit testing, linting, build test)?
- Q&A for Team Degree Planner    
    - You talked about further modularizing the project for use with other universities' courses, how would you do that / what will it look like (screen scrapping programs and course pages? / manually added? / develop public API for unis?)
    - Does the team use GitHub issues? How has the team found syncing there Trello boards with there respective GitHub issues?
    - Technical document in handover?
- Q&A for Team Progress
    - You mentioned that the team lost what tasks the team did during the mid-semester break sprint, what has the team done to mitigate this risk for future sprints? 



liangzheng06@gmail.com
