# Meeting Minutes
___
**Date:** 1/05/2024 <br>
**Time:** 13:00 <br>
**Location:** HIVE, CSIT Building <br>
**Attendance (Team):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Nuoxi Qin (Spokesperson), Mitchell Barker (Spokesperson), <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Linxi Li, Bohong Sun, Songxuan Li <br>
**Attendance (Stakeholder):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Quin Robinson<br>
**Chairperson:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Mitchell Barker, Nuoxi Qin <br>
**Arthur:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Mitchell Barker <br>

### Agenda
___

1. Status update
2. GitHub Project access
3. Audit 3 information
4. Plan for video and poster
5. Projection for 

### Synopsis
___

- WP2 has been extended to the 8th of May (resolving bugs + exam deadlines with other courses)

### Feedback
___

- Quin is fine with extending the deadline a week, understands that the codebase needs to be bug free
- Quin has emphasised that the SAD needs to be done by the end of the semester, that work package is important

### Decisions
___

- WP2 has been extended to the 8th of May (from the 1st of May)

### Action Items
___

| <div style="width:300px">Action Item</div> | Responsible Party | Due Date | 
| :----------------------------------------- | :---------------: | :------: |
| Continue working on Storyboard for video and poster draft | Mitchell | 26/04/2024 |
| Work on resolving bugs within the codebase (tasks allocated on GitHub) | All Members | 01/04/2024 |

### General Notes
___

- Storyboard is similar to last semesters video, so was not shared with the client (not necessary)

  
