# Meeting Minutes
___
**Date:** 13/03/2024<br>
**Time:** 13:00 - 13:30 <br>
**Location:** Online (MS Teams) <br>
**Attendance (Team):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Nuoxi Qin (Spokesperson), Mitchell Barker (Spokesperson), <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Linxi Li, Bohong Sun, Songxuan Li, Andy Chih <br>
**Attendance (Stakeholder):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Milica Gallardo Petkovich, Quin Robinson <br>
**Chairperson:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Mitchell Barker <br>
**Arthur:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Mitchell Barker <br>

### Agenda
___

1. Confirm GitHub access / local project environment setup
2. Questions about audit Q&A
3. Elaboration of National Micro credential framework
4. Tasks TODO for this coming week

### Synopsis
___

- All meta-data fields (critical and optional), should be added to the NFT request page, however our client gave us desecration as to how they should be added

### Feedback
___

- Feedback from our Elena has provoked us to either separate previous semester issues into a new status or create an entirely new project attached to the repository to clearly distinguish our work from others.
    - Initially requested our client to create a new project
    - However, we later opted to add another status (closed / archived) and assigned all previous semester tasks to closed
- Feedback regarding our audit 1 from Quin and Milica:
    - There are already credentials managers that exist on the market, the main difference is that our credentials aren't stored on a centralized database 
    - MVP already exists from a previous semester (i.e. make account, make qualification, mint token)
    - Micro credential framework is not a required framework to follow, however advisory contour wants to show it to the department of education

### Decisions
___

- ALl meta-data fields should first just be added as text-boxes to produce an output as quickly as possible, can change to different input methods later

### Action Items
___

| <div style="width:300px">Action Item</div> | Responsible Party | Due Date | 
| :----------------------------------------- | :---------------: | :------: |
| Decompose NMF to figure out data types | All Members | 20/03/2024 |
| Implement changes to the backend to store more meta-data fields | Nouxi, Songxuan, Andy | 28/03/2024 |
| Implement changes to the frontend of the NFT request page, status page, and admin page | Mitchell, Linxi, Bohong | 28/03/2024 |


### General Notes
___

- 



