# Meeting Minutes
___
**Date:** 20/03/2024<br>
**Time:** 13:00 - 14:00 <br>
**Location:** In-person (HIVE) <br>
**Attendance (Team):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Nuoxi Qin (Spokesperson), Mitchell Barker (Spokesperson), <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Linxi Li, Bohong Sun, Songxuan Li, Andy Chih <br>
**Attendance (Stakeholder):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Milica Gallardo Petkovich, Quin Robinson <br>
**Chairperson:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Mitchell Barker <br>
**Arthur:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Mitchell Barker <br>

### Agenda
___

1. Project update
2. online meetings?
3. Changed Audit time (Tuesday 16:00 - 18:00)
4. Current task Delegation and Deadlines for first deliverable
5. Request to make new project within GitHub repo for tracking issues separate to previous semester
6. Request for possible changes to Landing page on admin side (remove sidebar when viewed on SharePoint website)
7. Feedback from Elena and Liang that may impact project management
8. Client Brief for next deliverable
9. Preparation for audit 2
10. Closing comments

### Synopsis
___

- Audit 2 will occur during a different time (due to Easter holidays), new time is 16:00 - 18:00 on Tuesday (26th of March), we are the first team presenting (16:05)
- Not much can change with the sharepoint (limited options for configuration), Quin is happy for us to modify the landing page as we see fit however (they have their own copies of previous semesters work)
- 

### Feedback
___

- Feedback from our Elena has provoked us to either separate previous semester issues into a new status or create an entirely new project attached to the repository to clearly distinguish our work from others.
    - Initially requested our client to create a new project
    - However, we later opted to add another status (closed / archived) and assigned all previous semester tasks to closed
- Feedback regarding our audit 1 from Quin and Milica:
    - There are already credentials managers that exist on the market, the main difference is that our credentials aren't stored on a centralized database 
    - MVP already exists from a previous semester (i.e. make account, make qualification, mint token)
    - Micro credential framework is not a required framework to follow, however advisory contour wants to show it to the department of education

### Decisions
___

- Going forward the team will try to meet in-person during client meetings to encourage participation, rather than meeting online in MS Teams chat
- Each sub-team lead is responsible for managing the GitHub issues of there respective sub-teams
- Opted to include instructions in our landing page to further illustrate key points and information relating to our project (what is NMF, what is a microcredential, why are we adding this, etc...)
- Quin will attend our audit online


### Action Items
___

| <div style="width:300px">Action Item</div> | Responsible Party | Due Date | 
| :----------------------------------------- | :---------------: | :------: |
| Continue implementing changes to the backend to store more meta-data fields | Nouxi, Songxuan, Andy | 28/03/2024 |
| Continue implementing changes to the frontend of the NFT request page, status page, and admin page | Mitchell, Linxi, Bohong | 28/03/2024 |


### General Notes
___

- 



