# Meeting Minutes
___
**Date:** 27/03/2024<br>
**Time:** 13:00 - 14:00 <br>
**Location:** The HIVE <br>
**Attendance (Team):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Mitchell Barker (Spokesperson), <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Linxi Li, Bohong Sun, Songxuan Li <br>
**Attendance (Stakeholder):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Milica Gallardo Petkovich, Quin Robinson <br>
**Chairperson:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Milica Gallardo Petkovich, Quin Robinson <br>
**Arthur:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Mitchell Barker <br>

### Agenda
___

1. Team Progress  / Project Weekly Status update
2. Next Steps
3. Discuss feedback from our tutor and course convener
4. Discuss frontend application form details
5. Discuss backend implement details

### Synopsis
___

- New deadline for WP1 is now April 4th (extended by 7 days due to delays)
- Mitchell is now doing documentation overhaul (see Decisions)
- Mitchell is now responsible for all meeting minutes, provided he is present for the meeting.

### Feedback
___

- Quin is concerned about the deadlines for WP2 and WP3. However, both Milica and Quin agree that getting WP1 complete properly is important for WP2

### Decisions
___

- Mitchell will be stepping back from coding to work on migrating / updating existing documentation and administration work to GitHub

### Action Items
___

| <div style="width:300px">Action Item</div> | Responsible Party | Due Date | 
| :----------------------------------------- | :---------------: | :------: |
| Finish frontend display for NFT request page | Bohong, Linxi | 01/04/2024 |
| Resolve bugs in the backend code base | Nuoxi, Songxuan, Andy | 04/04/2024 |
| start work on overhauling existing weekly reports to GitHub | Mitchell | 17/04/2024 |


### General Notes
___

- 



