# Meeting Minutes
___
**Date:** 10/04/2024 <br>
**Time:** 13:00 <br>
**Location:** Online <br>
**Attendance (Team):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Nuoxi Qin (Spokesperson), Mitchell Barker (Spokesperson), <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Linxi Li, Bohong Sun, Songxuan Li, Andy Chih <br>
**Attendance (Stakeholder):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Quin Robinson, Mat Borowski <br>
**Chairperson:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Mitchell Barker, Nuoxi Qin <br>
**Arthur:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Mitchell Barker <br>

### Agenda
___

1. Brief update on each individual progress - All Members 
2. Update and important information from tutor meeting - Mitchell
3. Discussing elevator pitch for the platform (for a user / market) - Mitchell
4. More on WP3 research task (specifications and acceptance criteria) - Mitchell
5. Video assignment client acceptance criteria (the do's and don'ts in video) - Mitchell
6. Finishing thoughts and questions - All Members

### Synopsis
___

- Progress Update:
  - Logo on the platform has been changed from Meikei to contour advisory
  - Function for accessing the requests from one institution is finished
  - There are hints that WP2 may need to be extended due bugs, not confirmed yet
- Quin recommends referring to previous semester's video for guidance, otherwise no other conditions
- WP3 and WP2 will be worked on concurrently when the documentation overhaul is finished
- During tutorial meetings, everyone will need to showcase what they have done to assert they are working on features that can run

### Feedback
___

- Quin is happy with the progress of WP2, with WP3 starting next week as well we should be able to finish all work packages on time.

### Decisions
___

- Video can be submitted on the same day, Quin is not too concerned with checking video before submitting

### Action Items
___

| <div style="width:300px">Action Item</div> | Responsible Party | Due Date | 
| :----------------------------------------- | :---------------: | :------: |
| Create an account for email.js and send it to us for implementation | Quin | 24/04/2024 |
| Send elevator pitch to Quin | Mitchell | 22/04/2024 |
| Request field edit in institution request admin page | Linxi | 24/04/2024 |
| Build inital frontend of instituiton 'admin' page | Andy, Bohong | 24/04/2024 |
| Enable backend to return request information classified by institution | Songxuan | 24/04/2024 |
| Configure email information of backend | Nuoxi | 24/04/2024 |



### General Notes
___

- Notes on

  
