# Meeting Minutes
___
**Date:** 30/04/2024 <br>
**Time:** 14:00 <br>
**Location:** HIVE <br>
**Attendance (Team):** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Nuoxi Qin (Spokesperson), Mitchell Barker (Spokesperson), <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Linxi Li, Bohong Sun, Songxuan Li, Andy Chih <br>
**Chairperson:** <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Mitchell, Nuoxi<br>
**Arthur:**  <br>
&ensp;&ensp; Mitchell <br>

### Agenda
___

1. Check GitHub project access for stakeholders 
2. Record video samples for promotional video

### Synopsis
___

- Sent reminder email to Quin to make sure stakeholders (shadow team, tutor, and examiner) have access to our github project.
- Andy is doing the video editing and editing last semesters poster

### Feedback
___

- Need to follow-up with stakeholders if we have tasks they need to do

### Decisions
___

- We are going to edit components of last semester's poster to explain our work, Andy is able to do this in Photoshop.
- Mitchell is unable to work on the editing stage of the video due to work with WP3 and other course work, video editing has been handed off to Andy

### Action Items
___

| <div style="width:300px">Action Item</div> | Responsible Party | Due Date | 
| :----------------------------------------- | :---------------: | :------: |
| Find public domain clips and edit video | Andy, Nouxi | 2/05/2024 |
| Edit existing poster from last semester | Andy | 2/05/2024 |
| Follow up with tutor and examiner as to how we submission the video and poster and when | Mitchell | 30/04/2024 |

### General Notes
___

- 



